Testing (#5)
YunoHost-Apps/phpback_ynh: doc/POST_INSTALL.md

> Complete the registration process from the setup page displayed.
> Details for MySQL database to be enterted while registration process:
> MySQL hostname: localhost
> MySQL username: __DB_NAME__
> MySQL password: __DB_PWD__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should now finish the installation by browsing to the setup page of the app. You will need to enter the following credentials:
- MySQL hostname: localhost
- MySQL username: __DB_NAME__
- MySQL password: __DB_PWD__
```
